### Project folder:
jiapingzeng-project08/

### Findings:

Generally, higher recursion limit seems to result in lower run time for all array sizes.

There appears to be an inverse relationship between sorting time and recursion limit used, 
however, instead of following a smooth curve, the data seems to have "jumps" where the 
sorting time decreases relatively significantly between a few recursion limits, then stays 
relatively constant until the next "jump" (see RUN4.jpg).

There also appears to be "spikes" where a certain range of recursion limits resulted in 
significantly higher sorting time than those near these limits (For example array size ~3.5M, 
see RUN5.jpg and RUN6,jpg). There appears to be more "spikes" within the graph of this 
specific array size, where as the other array sizes only have 1 or none. In a different 
trial (with data1.csv), the graph of array size 3.5M appeared normal with no spikes, whereas 
the graph of size 9.1M had spikes on almost the entire domain (see RUN 7.jpg). This 
phenomenon seems to appear randomly within trials (especially trials with higher array sizes) 
and I was unable to explain it with the current data. 

For each size and recursion limit combination, the time data is obtained by measuring the 
sorting time of 3 different arrays and taking the average. Given more time, I think using more 
than 3 arrays and using a weighted average would reduce the effect of outliers and potentially 
eliminate the "spikes" within the graphs. 

### Submitted files:

#### package recursionLimit:
* TestRecursionLimit: generates data file to be displayed
* FHsort.java (from course_example, not modified)

#### package graph:
* ChartGraph.java: display chart with selectable data options and configurable x range
* DataModel.java: stores information to be read by graph
* GraphView.java: extension of LineChart used to display trial data from DataModel
* Trial.java: stores the sorting time of a recursion limit / array size combination

#### other files:
* README.md: description of submitted files
* resources/data.csv, data1.csv: data file generated by TestRecursionLimit.java
* resources/RUN1-7.jpg: screenshots of the program
